Add more details for docker-compose-lisk.service (#1009)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/setup/docker.adoc

systemctl enable docker-compose-lisk
----

> Note: this command don't start Lisc Core right now, but will enable autostart on reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: this command doesn't start Lisk Core right now, but will enable autostart on reboot.
```

<1> Displays the status of the service.
<2> Displays the logs of the service.

> Note: these commands works only if Lisc Core started as a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: these commands work only if Lisk Core is started as a service.
```
